---
title: Sleep | My College 28
date: 2018-12-01 20:41:52
tags: College
category: Motion
---

The first and the last day to return to the workgroup, also is of OJT in the first phase, and a night shift. I remember that I just got into the first night shift on the field. After I finished working, Master was signing the work card in the cabin, and I didn’t have anything to do. So I asked Master if I could take a break and get the euphemistic and unacceptable "no". After that, every time I go through the cabin, that scene will reappear in my mind. But when the tiredness hits, sit on the "tomato scrambled eggs" decorative style seat, whoever walks and talks, the airplane hydraulic pump run or engine operating, the noise is as invisible as wearing an earplugs. About a hour ago, I was able to open the reverse thrust fairing of two engines and do the identification of the engine parts. But this moment, I was like a pool of mud falling in the cabin. I closed my eyes for about forty minutes， then someone was saying: do the tools check, we are done the work. I heard it and dizzily walked down the airplane. I saw that my senior fellow apprentice was busy in the crowd, and the tools had been fully loaded into the car. Since the rotation of the tool room in the past month, there have been five or six people leave the group. Now that the staff is not enough, how could I go to sleep without do a favour for them. I am ashamed of myself.

Shanghai has been foggy in the early morning of these days, which once affected the flights normal takeoff. The night shift also encountered heavy fog, but not so serious. I quite like foggy, everything in the fog looks beautiful. This kind of hazy is not like foggy glasses will obscure the line of sight, it is as blurry as the depth of field effect of the photo, soft, unfinished, and imaginary. However, I dare not look at the runway and the East China Sea. Because before the light awakens the sea, the darkness and deepness of that side cannot be blocked even by heavy fog. I quite afraid of that darkness. Later, the car came, I finally didn't have to look around, got on the bus straightly, fell asleep soon.

The last thing I want to admit in these four months is to start growing up. In fact, this word is the most complicated. In the process of growing up, you will always lose something. You will change in different ages. The rotation of one year, two years, three years, and five years is different from the way the people face the world facing the crowd. Some of the subtle things on the body are gradually disappearing, which is inadvertent rather than deliberately discarded.